GOOD NEWS: If you ever considered joining our popular Guitar Coaching Club  but the timing wasn't quite right, then this email is for you. 
Listen ...

If you are interested in learning guitar from the BEST teachers online — for LIFE, without any ongoing fees — for any style of music you want ... no matter your current ability level ... all from the comfort of your own home ..

... then we have got some mind-blowingly great news for you.
So please read everything carefully below. 

And then type in "SPECIAL" (without quote marks) at checkout for an additional 60% off.
If you don't know what the Guitar Coaching Club, here it is in a nutshell: Never pay for another guitar lesson again, ever.
Which we know sounds crazy.  But it's true.
We have perhaps the No. 1 roster of guitar teachers anywhere on the Web, bar none. In addition to Marty Schwartz, here is a partial list of the amazing teachers that our GCC members enjoy learning from:  John Konesky (of Tenacious D fame) ... Brett Papa ... Bob Ryan ... Tony Brucco ... and internationally known L.A. studio musician Tim Pierce ... and more.
Here is what you get when you join the digital version of the Guitar Coaching Club for a very reasonable one-time fee:
... You get every lesson product we've ever produced (the equivalent of about 200 hours of step-by-step guitar instruction)
... PLUS every future lesson product we ever release as an instant digital download ... 
... PLUS lifetime membership to our private website vault with 2,500+ video lessons in all styles and genres covering all ability levels ...
... PLUS ALL our awesome jam tracks.
... PLUS ALL our ebooks.
And the best part?
You receive all this ongoing instruction for our future releases without lifting a finger or even having to ask for it.  It's simply sent to your email inbox, where you can access it any time you want.
And you can get all of it for an amazingly reasonable one-time fee that you can even break up into two payments if you wish.

==
Our special coupon code:
Type code  SPECIAL  at checkout
for an additional 60% OFF
==
Go here to see everything right now

Look, we could go on and on about the guitar playing legends who have inspired many of the lessons we offer our GCC members, but the bottom line is this ...

... playing guitar is a lifelong passion for us, and that's why we created the ultimate lifelong resource.

Go check it out here now — and get it at the lowest price we have EVER offered.
DEADLINE: This offer ends in a few hours. We reserve the right to close it early if enrollment reaches its maximum. 
==
Our special coupon code:
Type code SPECIAL  at checkout
for an additional 60% OFF
==
Click here now and see what this is all about.
Keep playing!
And guess what? There's more coming down the pike very soon. And if you get into our Guitar Coaching Club before the timer expires, then you'll automatically receive everything for free ... FOREVER ... without even having to ask for it.
And THAT'S why we like to say, "Never pay for another guitar lesson again, ever."
Forget ongoing fees and deciding whether to get this lesson course or that one ... just get into the GCC for a reasonable one-time cost and GET.  IT.  ALLL. ... FOREVER.

